Hi everybody and welcome back this lecture it's just a short lecture to explain some more about passing
arguments to a function.
So a function definition can have multiple parameters.
And as we saw previously the username here is what's called a parameter sort of function as we just
said can have multiple parameters a function call may then need multiple arguments.
So here we only have one parameter.
So that means we only need to give it one argument which is here.
But what happens if we had multiple parameters like user name use Name one two and three we would have
to go.
Name one name to name three.
So it makes sense that we can pass arguments to our functions in a number of ways.
We can use positional arguments keyword arguments and list and dictionaries of values.
So the next few lectures we're going to be looking at each one of those in turn.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.